{anchor:AutoLODFlags}
_auto-generated from I:\Night\Night\src\libs\WorldLib\pub\wlAutoLOD.h_
h3. Enumerated type *AutoLODFlags* - (null)
*ErrorTriCount*
*NullModel*
*Remesh*
{anchor:ModelLODTemplate}

_auto-generated from I:\Night\Night\src\libs\WorldLib\pub\wlAutoLOD.h_

h3.LODTemplate

** < string >
-	A unique name for this template.

*Radius* < float >
-	If the radius is greater than zero, this template should be applied to all automatic lods for models less than this radius.

*AutoLODTemplate* (multiple allowed)
-	The distance settings for each LOD in this template.
-	*LodNear* < float >
--	Near distance.
-	*LodFar* < float >
--	Far distance.
-	*NoFade* < 0/1 >
--	Disables fading.

*End*

*PreventClustering* < 0/1 >
-	If set this model will NEVER become part of a simplygon LOD cluster
{anchor:ModelLODInfo}

_auto-generated from I:\Night\Night\src\libs\WorldLib\pub\wlAutoLOD.h_

h3.LODInfo

** < string >
-	The model name these LOD settings apply to.

*AutoLOD* (multiple allowed)
-	The distance settings for each LOD for this model.
-	*AllowedError* < float >
--	Triangle decimation percentage (0-1).
-	*UpScale* < float >
--	Amount to scale up the verts in this LOD (only if error is not equal to 0).
-	*LodNear* < float >
--	Near distance.
-	*LodFar* < float >
--	Far distance.
-	*LodFarMorph* < float >
--	Morph distance.
-	*LodFlags* < ErrorTriCount | NullModel | Remesh > [#AutoLODFlags]

--	Flags.
-	*ModelName* < string >
--	LOD model name.
-	*GeoFileName* < filename >
--	LOD geo filename.
-	*TextureSwap* (multiple allowed)
--	Texture swaps.
-	*MaterialSwap* (multiple allowed)
--	Material swaps.
-	*NoFade*
--	Disables fading.
-	*UseFallbackMaterials*
--	Indicates this LOD should use the fallback versions of its materials.

*End*

*LODTemplate* < ModelLODTemplateRef >
-	The LOD template to use for this model.

*ForceAutomatic*
-	Use automatic settings.

*HighDetailHighLod*
-	If set the high LOD will only draw when high detail objects are turned on.  The second LOD will be used for collision.

*PreventClustering*
-	If set this model will NEVER become part of a simplygon LOD cluster
